right let's talk about date nights one
study has found that married couples who
went on a monthly date night were less
likely to split up whereas those who
went on more than that definitely split
up Danny do you do lock down date nights
no I'll be straight in this house it's
bandit country there's no rules in here
other kids are rockin quiet I ain't with
that one Danu at 4:00 in the morning I
want a bit less cold work on it it's
obviously we get nicked we just trying
just try and snatch a little our glass
of wine what sank on the chair they have
a little if I'm lucky a little lips up
you know you know a little lips up which
means a kiss well I've got a couple here
I got the other one he's gone you know
love island one she's she done the slips
she's Richard of me now so she's
cracking my honor and but yeah it's a
madhouse Randy so there's nothing that
date night bollocks just trying to just
trying to cling on to the relationship
for dear life that's all this is it the
kids are always around I had a solid sex
window 10:00 a.m. every day she was at
school and now that window has closed
it's got my dog you know the problem for
me is my wife doesn't even want that
window she's going around poking the
kids awake guys come on guys come on
that's gonna get holy so we need you to
distract him come on guys
oh please we can cut low fish because we
spent all our money but somehow see did
we say